Documentation on Route53 and Govcloud. (#1918)
kubernetes-sigs/external-dns: docs/tutorials/aws.md

Note: ExternalDNS does not support creating healthchecks, and assumes that `<health-check-id>` already exists.

## Govcloud caveats

> Due to the special nature with how Route 53 runs in Govcloud, there are a few tweaks in the deployment settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the special nature with how Route53 runs in Govcloud, there are a few tweaks in the deployment settings.
```

> * An Environment variable with name of AWS_REGION set to either us-gov-west-1 or us-gov-east-1 is required.  Otherwise it tries to lookup a region that does not exist in govcloud and it errors out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An Environment variable with name of AWS_REGION set to either us-gov-west-1 or us-gov-east-1 is required. Otherwise it tries to lookup a region that does not exist in Govcloud and it errors out.
```

```yaml
env:
- name: AWS_REGION
  value: us-gov-west-1
```

> * Route 53 in Govcloud does not allow aliases.  Therefore, container args must be set so that it uses CNAMES and a txt-prefix must be set to something.  Otherwise, it will try to create a TXT record with the same value than the CNAME itself, which is not allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Route53 in Govcloud does not allow aliases. Therefore, container args must be set so that it uses CNAMES and a txt-prefix must be set to something. Otherwise, it will try to create a TXT record with the same value than the CNAME itself, which is not allowed.
```
